Here are some STOMP commands,
where you can see that you can connect it to the broker,
you can send a message, you can subscribe, unsubscribe, acknowledge, disconnect.
If you're interested to understand each components and how they are work,
please take a look at the link I gave in the task.
WebSocket includes the following component.
WebSocketConfig is a config fall to create WebSocket and add message broker information.
Message is what we get from UI.
We use message wrapper to add some contexts and pushed back to UI.
Message controller receive message from you UI,
process it, and edit to the broker.
UI is where user has all the inputs